http://blogs.msdn.com/b/azureservicefabric/rss.aspx microsoft
https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/blog/feed/ microsoft
http://espnfc.com/blog/rss/_/name/arsenal arsenal
http://arseblog.com/feed/ arsenal
http://erratasec.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default blogs
http://jvns.ca/atom.xml blogs
http://henrikwarne.com/feed/ blogs
https://rachelbythebay.com/w/atom.xml "~rachelbythebay" blogs
http://wilwheaton.net/feed/ blogs
http://www.murrayc.com/feed/ blogs
https://drewdevault.com/feed.xml blogs
http://scottaaronson.com/blog/?feed=rss2 blogs
http://www.fireeye.com/blog/feed infosec
http://computer-forensics.sans.org/blog/feed/ infosec
http://feeds.trendmicro.com/Anti-MalwareBlog/ infosec
http://blog.eset.com/feed infosec
https://www.cyberscoop.com/feed/ infosec
http://mjtsai.com/blog/feed/ blogs
http://henrikwarne.com/feed/ blogs
http://danluu.com/atom.xml blogs
http://blog.cryptographyengineering.com/feeds/posts/default infosec
http://www.zdziarski.com/blog/?feed=rss2 blogs
http://krebsonsecurity.com/feed/ infosec
http://www.imperialviolet.org/iv-rss.xml blogs
http://bitsplitting.org/feed/ blogs
http://feeds.feedburner.com/codinghorror blogs
http://threatpost.com/feed infosec
http://blog.plover.com/index.atom blogs
https://www.cronweekly.com/feed/ 
https://whatthefuckjusthappenedtoday.com/atom.xml 
http://www.daemonology.net/blog/index.rss blogs
https://blog.jessfraz.com/index.xml blogs
https://blog.acolyer.org/feed/ blogs 
